# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out reflection on the assignment.

## Question 1
#### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists
For the puposes of this class from an educational perspective, this systen could be improved by allowing students to self categorize their level of code understanding. This would enable users to match themselves with others in the class to improve performance and mitigate unnecessary class interruptions. The technical or lab sections of the class could be taken up with a more efficient explanation that addresses unresolved issues. This would also enable more nuanced discussion of the less technical implications of the course and therefore a conversation within the lecture.
## Question 2
#### This assignment asks you all to perform a certian amount of work (describing yourselves) in order to improve a project (the course roster website). What responsibilities does the "researcher" (in this case, your teacher) have to the participants (you)? What rights do or should the participants have to the end product? 
While the information contained within the profile is reletively superficial, there remains a level of trust between the reseacher and the student in terms of privacy. While there are certainly situations where this information might be offered freely, the power dynamics inherent in a instructor - student relationship create necessary boundaries for access and distributuion of this imformation. Furthermore, this relationship and other notions of privacy should be explored and discussed within the class environment so as to better equip students with an understanding of the ways personal information can be used in electronic spaces.
## Question 3
#### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?
The use of the profile to match studends of varying skills would require feilds such as skillLevel and confidenceLevel that might be qualified through a numeric value. The difficulty in utilizing such a system for the benefit of students is twofold. First of all there is the issue of the excerise being lopsided in terms of cost-benefit for time invested. The students with a greater skill level would have to be incentivized to help those of lower skill levels. Secondly, even if it is implimented, there could be scheduling issues that the information provided could neither forsee nor resolve. 
